Swan gallery (#262)
swan-cern/jupyter-extensions: README.md

* [SparkConnector](SparkConnector) - Helper to connect to CERN's Spark Clusters
* [SwanContents](SwanContents) - Contents Manager for Jupyter with Projects functionality and SWAN templates
* [SwanDask](SwanDask) - Wrapper to run dask_jupyterlab as an external process

> * [SwanGallery](SwanGallery) - Service to help users with SWAN notebooks by providing a set of notebooks and project examples easy to access and download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [SwanGallery](SwanGallery) - Extension to help users get started with SWAN by providing a gallery of example notebooks and projects that can be easily viewed and downloaded from within JupyterLab
```
